[Music]
Hi friends and friends of the Channel, what a
tremendous release that Antonio Rossi has just released,
very elegant, polite,
and with documentation,
to the writer Lucía
Echevarría. In case you don't know Lucía
Echevarría, apart from being a writer,
well, she's a person who really puts me
off. This is my
personal opinion, I have to say this woman, the
typical, let's call it special, feminine, feminist,
okay, you know? This
special, selective feminism that goes around with the
inquisitorial finger, pointing at any person
as if they had the same
rights as a judge. Well, something like that, okay, it
would be Lucía Echevarría. I've personally seen her
point fingers
at men who are innocent as if they were guilty.
But well, since she's a feminist or says she
is, she takes those liberties. She
was working at Mediaset, okay,
for a few years. What happens is that she
ended up in quite a conflict with them
with complaints, I think they were crossed, there were
lawsuits for the right to honor, and well, she
was also in a reality show
called Summer Camp, which had very
little success, many of you will remember it from
a decade ago.  They aired this reality show
this year because Jesulín's mother participated. I
forgot my friends. Some of
these contestants from Gandia Shore also participated. Carmelo
Marchante also participated and the truth is
that she was a woman who is not liked. In fact, she is
a woman who is not liked. She is a lady
who, in truth, because of her way of being, her
attitude and her tone, so to speak, is
quite disconcerting.
And today, it was her turn.
Antonio David doesn't say. Lucía Echeverría asked. Antonio David
committed it. Look at the tone. No, she does
n't say. It seems to be, no, no, she
confirms it to you. Antonio David committed the
crime of breach of custody,
article 223 of the penal code, aggravated
by the fact that David Flores is a
person with a recognized disability of 65%. Let's
see at what point it was confirmed
that David Flores has a 65%. I
mean, I think that this has been
taken a bit far-fetched. Not speaking
badly and pardoning the expression, but I
think it has been taken completely out
of hand. Leaving aside the
accusation and the accusation, there is a
news that I'm going to leave you in the
description If I don't forget okay in
the description box of this video there is
a news item And the first thing is that
Rocío Carrasco withdrew the lawsuit to
fight for custody of her son when
Antonio David did not return the child or the
child did not return to the mother after the
summer of that famous summer in which
the child was supposed to have gone
to the mother's wedding no Rocío Carrasco
filed a lawsuit to recover
her son's spoon but in the end
according to ABC she withdrew it or so this is
incredible no that the mother withdraws No look, I'm
going to stop fighting for custody, not
claiming that the child was already an
adult, that he was 18 years old and that he could do whatever he
wanted no then here comes
Antonio Rosi and tells him if you read the
court order it is very clear not even in the
first instance the same judge who did
see signs of psychological abuse
because let's remember that the first judge
the first judge in the gender violence case
of Antonio David Rocio
Carrasco does admit for processing what
is the lawsuit okay based on the
documents or the statements of
Rocio Carrasco no but then that same
judge analyzing everything well decides to
dismiss it neither in a hearing nor in the
Supreme Court that ends up sentencing Costa to
Rocio Carrasco Whenever you want I'll pass you the
entire case almost 500 pages it's not going to
matter to Antonio Rosi you
pass the case to this woman and she doesn't give a damn I mean
liberals if you are a woman you pass the
case to her she doesn't give a damn because she's going to continue
saying what she wants to say
okay you tell me you I have no idea
why she is interested in pointing out
innocent people But anyway and the
argument is very clear in fact there is
a lapidary phrase there is no evidence
that the plaintiff wanted to regain
custody of her son Sorry if I fail
in the literality
it is that as it is I mean as of today
after all it is that for me
personally I don't know if you agree
with me leave it in the
comments box let me know for me
personally the documentary has had the
opposite effect or rather any person
with two fingers of forehead who analyzes well
that sees the expressions that sees the
papers no  the part of the papers that
show that you can see how you can see that there are
several lies within the documentary
for anyone I think it is
clear
that the documentary has
only reinforced Antonio David's version,
that is, made Rocio Carrasco look much, much worse.
Now that you want to
imagine that the documentary
has been irrefutable and favorable to
Rosito. Well, if you want to
imagine it based on arguments that do not
exist and say, well, if you do not believe it,
you are a sexist and except for the argument, it's
up to you with your life. No, I
like coherence and veracity. What do you
think, ladies and gentlemen? I
will be reading the comments box
as always. I send you a huge hug and do
not forget to subscribe to this channel.
This is my new news channel and
many people are watching it, it
has an incredible audience, but I would
like to end the summer with what I call
30 or 40 subscribers. I leave it in your
hands. I send you a huge hug and until
the next video.
[Music]